Re-home Simorgh Figure in Psammead (#220)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-figure/README.md

# psammead-figure &middot; [![Storybook](https://github.com/storybooks/press/blob/master/badges/storybook.svg)](https://bbc-news.github.io/psammead/?selectedKind=Figure) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-figure.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-figure) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Description

The `psammead-figure` component is a styled `<figure>` element.

## When to use this component

> Use this component when a `<figure>` element, which represents self-contained content that frequently has a caption, is required. Figures usually wrap an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Figure component to associate a caption with an image.
```

Author: I think your suggestion is too specific. That's because a figure doesn't technically need a caption, though it frequently has one. Also, it's not necessary to use an image with a figure. A code block or data viz for example, could be in a figure
https://www.w3.org/TR/html53/grouping-content.html#the-figure-element

Reviewer: Fair enough 👍 it just reads quite clunky to me.

> # psammead-figure &middot; [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-figure.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-figure) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer 2: Adding a Storybook badge
```suggestion
# psammead-figure &middot; [![Storybook](https://github.com/storybooks/press/blob/master/badges/storybook.svg)](https://bbc-news.github.io/psammead/?selectedKind=Figure) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-figure.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-figure) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

## Description

The `psammead-figure` component is a styled `<figure>` element.

## When to use this component

Use this component when a `<figure>` element, which represents self-contained content that frequently has a caption, is required. Figures usually wrap an image.

The following example shows `psammead-figure` wrapping an
* [psammead-image-placeholder](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/tree/latest/packages/components/psammead-image-placeholder), a `<div>` with background image
* [psammead-image](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/tree/latest/packages/components/psammead-image), an `<img>`
* [psammead-caption](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/tree/latest/packages/components/psammead-caption), a `<figcaption>`

> * [psammead-visually-hidden-text](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/tree/latest/packages/components/psammead-visually-hidden-text), a hidden `<span>` available only to assitive technology

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [psammead-visually-hidden-text](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/tree/latest/packages/components/psammead-visually-hidden-text), a hidden `<span>` available only to assistive technology
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

import Caption from '@bbc/psammead-caption';
import Figure from '@bbc/psammead-figure';
import Image from '@bbc/psammead-image';
import ImagePlaceholder from '@bbc/psammead-image-placeholder';
import VisuallyHiddenText from '@bbc/psammead-visually-hidden-text';

const Wrapper = ({ src, alt, ratio, captionText }) => (
  <Figure>
    <ImagePlaceholder ratio={ratio}>
      <Image alt={alt} src={src} />
    </ImagePlaceholder>
    <Caption>
      <VisuallyHiddenText>Image caption, </VisuallyHiddenText>
      {captionText}
    </Caption>
  </Figure>
);

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
(remove newline)

Author: We are inconsistent about having a last line of blank space in our package READMEs. Could we tidy this up in a separate issue?

Reviewer: Yes but this is a code block, not an empty trailing line for the entire README.

Code blocks shouldn't have trailing lines 👍
